What is up guys and welcome back so now in this video we're going to be working over the main changes
so you have.
Do we have to just go to the settings right here.
And then you have to go to the permalink.
OK.
Make sure to come here and then you just saw the post.
And then you save changes and that's all you have to do.
And now we have to install the device.
So what we have to do make sure that you are in the video that you are watching and then you go to that
page.
OK.
And now you have to just log in.
And here you are in the luggin section.
OK so basically you get all the downloads if you just visit this you can download everything you can.
THIS THIS THIS THIS THIS THIS THIS IS THIS is this is and so many things.
OK.
But if you will be moving on with the universal theme.
And that is the device and the device builder.
OK.
So this one and this one.
Let's just go ahead and download and it should be downloaded right here.
I'm just going to hit star Download it is downloading and I'm going to come here to.
Let's go back and I'm going to come here to this guy right here that says rebuilders I'm going to download
this as well and you can see this is right here.
I'm just going to start dumbo.
So these two must be downloaded right here.
I'm going to go to this guy right here and I need to go to the teams so I'm going to click add new right
now.
And here I have to hit upload them.
OK.
Let's use the File.
Let's go to the compressed and here should be DVH.
So here I have it just uploaded and I have to hit install now.
So it should be installed right now.
You can see this is uploading.
And let's wait till this is installed.
Here we go.
I have we just said activate right now
and you can see this team has been activated.
Welcome to eat before diving into your new team.
Please visit the DV documentation to access dozens of in-depth tutorials.
I'm here to help you.
Don't just click this.
Was it close.
OK let's go to the plugins right here and let's hit add them.
OK.
And now here what we have to do we need to just upload the plug in.
We have to just choose the file.
Let's just search for debris.
And here is a device builder.
Let's head and let's say it install now and you can see it should be installed right now.
So if you haven't bought this plug in right again you have to just go to here and here it's easy to
download.
You have to just sit Sign-Up today and you'll be done OK.
Let's say that activated plug in.
And here we are.
So here we're going to manage everything.
So let's have a look at our website.
This is how our reps hate us looking right now.
OK.
Vivo will be making it the best website you guys are going to love it.
Totally because this is the best team guys.
Seriously you guys are going to love it.
OK so let's close this.
Eliza closes right now.
And now in the next video we will be working it for the TV settings.
OK.
We'll be adding a logo right here.
And then we'll be moving forward.
So say you guys and by.